Rewrite the following sentences with the words in brackets
用括号中的词改写下列句子
1. Radiation was accidentally released, damaging a wide area for a long time
（release, damage）

extensive damage

Accidental release of radiation renders a wide area damage for a long time

Accidental release of radiation,  causing a wide area damage for a long time


2. Crops grow quickly because the soil in this area is very rich. （richness, growth）
这个地区的土壤很肥沃，庄稼长得很快

The crops growth 
The quick growth of crops because of the richness soil in this area
3. Information has exploded and knowledge is increasingly obsolete. All this is forcing upon higher education a new set of demands
（explosion, obsolescence

With the explosion of information, knowledge is increasingly outdated. All these forces higher education to put forward a series of new requirements

The information explosion, knowledge is increasingly outdated.All these are forcing higher education puts forward a series of new requirements

Information explosion and increasingly obsolescence of knowledge are forcing upon higher education a new set of demands


4. The times signal that it is necessary to modify our legal system.（sign, necessity, modification
《时代》表明有必要修改我们的法律制度

google：时代表明，有必要修改我们的法律制度。
有道：时代的发展表明有必要修改我们的法律制度。
百度：时代发出了修改我国法律制度的信号。


 necessity of modification of our legal system



《时代》表明有必要我们的法律制度的修改是有必要的

5. It is necessary to supervise the crops carefully so that they can survive when harvest time comes.(supervision,survival)

有必要对农作物进行仔细的监督，以便在收获季节到来时能够存活下来。（监督，生存）

The careful supervision of crops is necessary for their survival when harvest time comes

必须对作物进行仔细的监督以确保其生存到收获季节



1. People present a fairly consistent picture of its short-term effects on users in many publications
在许多出版物中，人们对它对用户的短期影响有着相当一致的看法
人们在许多出版物中都对它对用户的短期影响表现出相当一致的印象



2. We can illustrate the main effects of poverty by looking at those on the lowest incomes in rich cities
我们可以通过观察富裕城市中收入最低的人群来说明贫困的主要影响
富裕城市中收入最低的人群可以被观察来说明贫困的主要影响

The lowest incomes in rich cities can be observed to illustrate the main effects of poverty


3. It's so obvious that we give jobs to people according to whether they are male or female
很明显，我们根据人们是男性还是女性给他们提供工作
很明显，人们被根据是男性还是女性给他们提供工作
It's so obvious that people are gived jobs according to whether they are male or female
People are gived jobs according to whether they are male or female



4. We randomly assigned the participants to three groups
我们将参与者随机分为三组
参与者被随机分为三组
The participants were randomly  assigned to three groups


5. The essay makes clear the distinction between government policy and economic reality
本文明确了政府政策与经济现实的区别
政府政策与经济现实的区别被本文明确
The distinction between government policy and economic reality is made clear in the essay

6. They should take into account social conditions as well as the economic situation
他们应该考虑到社会条件和经济状况
社会条件和经济状况应该被考虑
Social conditions as well as the economic situation should be taken into account


1. We must take full advantage of the opportunities offered by urbanization
我们必须充分利用城市化带来的机遇
城市化带来的机遇必须充分利用
The opportunities offered by urbanization must be taken full advantage

2. Although there are potential benefits of such techniques. people are seriously concerned about the potential environmental and medical consequences of GMOs

Althoug gh there are potential benefits of such techniques.The potential environmental and medical consequences of GMOs are worrying
seriously concerned
Although there are potential benefits of such techniques. The potential environmental and medical consequences of GMOs are seriously concerned
尽管这种技术有潜在的好处。 转基因生物的潜在环境和医疗后果令人担心


3. However. we exercise little control over online articles and speeches
然而。我们对网上的文章和演讲几乎没有控制权
然而，网上的文章和演讲几乎没有被控制
However, online articles and speeches hardly be controlled

accelerate assist discover distinguish eliminate

fatigue increase investigate potential underline
加速辅助发现识别消除


疲劳增加调查潜在下划线
assist
increased
discovered
eliminate
investigating
accelerated
fatigued
